Psalm 24 a psalm of David the earth is
Psalm 24 a psalm of David the earth is the Lord's and all its fullness
the Lord's and all its fullness
the Lord's and all its fullness the world and those who dwell therein
the world and those who dwell therein
the world and those who dwell therein for he has founded it upon the Seas and
for he has founded it upon the Seas and
for he has founded it upon the Seas and established it upon the waters who may
established it upon the waters who may
established it upon the waters who may ascend into the hill of the Lord or who
ascend into the hill of the Lord or who
ascend into the hill of the Lord or who may stand in his holy place he who has
may stand in his holy place he who has
may stand in his holy place he who has clean hands and a pure heart who has not
clean hands and a pure heart who has not
clean hands and a pure heart who has not lifted up his soul to an idol nor sworn
lifted up his soul to an idol nor sworn
lifted up his soul to an idol nor sworn deceitfully he shall receive blessing
deceitfully he shall receive blessing
deceitfully he shall receive blessing from the Lord and righteousness from the
from the Lord and righteousness from the
from the Lord and righteousness from the god of his salvation this is Jacob the
god of his salvation this is Jacob the
god of his salvation this is Jacob the generation of those who seek Him who
generation of those who seek Him who
generation of those who seek Him who seek your face lift up your heads o you
seek your face lift up your heads o you
seek your face lift up your heads o you gates and be lifted up you everlasting
gates and be lifted up you everlasting
gates and be lifted up you everlasting doors and the King of glory shall come
doors and the King of glory shall come
doors and the King of glory shall come in who is this King of glory the Lord
in who is this King of glory the Lord
in who is this King of glory the Lord strong and mighty the Lord mighty in
strong and mighty the Lord mighty in
strong and mighty the Lord mighty in battle lift up your heads o you gates
battle lift up your heads o you gates
battle lift up your heads o you gates lift up you everlasting doors and the
lift up you everlasting doors and the
lift up you everlasting doors and the King of glory shall come in who is this
King of glory shall come in who is this
King of glory shall come in who is this King of glory
King of glory
King of glory the Lord of Hosts he is the king of
the Lord of Hosts he is the king of
the Lord of Hosts he is the king of glory
glory
glory [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you
you
you [Music]